Hum a song of your choice, don't stop until someone correctly guesses the song.
Pour a glass of ice water on your head.
Bite down on both of your pinky fingers for fifteen seconds, then tightly interlock your pinkies.
Do your best touchdown celebration dance.
Go as long as you can without blinking.
Choose another player to give you a wet willy.
Do the salt and ice challenge.
Lick your big toe.
Open the closest book to a random page, point at a random sentence, and then text that sentence to the last person that texted you without giving any other context.
Take a deep breath of the socks you are wearing right now.
Drink a glass of water while upside down.
Do 25 sit ups.
Show the other players the five most recent photos in your camera roll.
Cut some of your hair, even if it is just a small strand.
What is a common skill (ex. Whistling), that you do not possess?
Tickle the next person you see who is not playing the game.
Chew a piece of gum with the wrapper still on.
Make up a song and sing it.
Eat a tablespoon of butter.
Put on makeup without looking in a mirror.
Do the splits, or go down as far as you can if you can't do a full split.
Lick the elbow of the person beside you
Let another player post something on one of your social media accounts.
Do the worm.
Dance to your favorite song, in its entirety, in your driveway.
Close your eyes and have another player place your finger on a part of their body, then guess what part you are touching.
Lick your own armpit.
Trade one article of clothing with another player for the next 2 rounds.
Do jumping jacks until it is your turn again.
Give the person to your left a foot rub.
Allow the other players to send one text to anyone in your contact list.
Passionately makeup with the palm of your hand.
Take off your socks using only your teeth.
Eat a small portion of toothpaste.
Lick a bar of soap.
Eat a piece of toilet paper.
Sing the alphabet backwards, every time you mess up another player is allowed to pinch you.
Drink a mystery cocktail created by the other players.
Try to sing a song with a mouthful of water.
Play the next 3 rounds blindfolded.
Do your best yodel.
Go commando for the next 5 rounds.
Put an ice cube down your pants and let it melt.
Roast everybody that is playing the game.
Do your best acceptance speech for an award of your choice.
Stick your hand in the toilet bowl for 3 seconds.
Eat a booger.
Lick the ear of the player across from you.
Call Subway or a local sub shop and ask how long their foot long sub is.
Take a bite out of a stick of chapstick or lipstick.
Only speak using song lyrics for the next 3 rounds.
Take a shot of lime juice.
Eat a piece of fruit off of the stomach of the player to your right.
Wear your underwear on the outside of your clothes for the next ten minutes.
Do your best Michael Jackson impersonation.
Put peanut butter between your toes and let a dog lick it off, or sit with it there for the next 4 rounds if no dog is nearby.
Play imaginary limbo. How low can you go?
Let the other players give you a makeover, using condiments as makeup.
Eat a banana and then chug a can of sprite.
Finish another player's drink.
Allow another player to "mama bird" a piece of food, to you, the "baby bird".
Shave off one of your eyebrows.
Draw a face on your stomach and talk using your stomach face for the next 5 rounds.
Play the next 3 rounds with a slice of onion underneath both of your eyes.
Make the ugliest face you can make.
Let another player rock you like a baby.
Chug a glass of milk.
Put your finger in your ear and then lick your finger.
Take off another player's sock without using your hands.
Allow the other players to blindfold you. And then guess who each player is just by sniffing them.
Dance like a ballerina for 2 minutes.
Sit with a wet sponge on your head for the next 5 rounds.
Bite another player's fingernails.
Take a shower with your clothes on.
Put as many marshmallows in your mouth as you can.
Let your dog lick you on the mouth.
Give the player to your right a piggy back ride around this server.
Skip backwards in a circle while saying a tongue twister.
Eat a banana with the peel on.
Wear your pants backwards for the next 3 rounds.
Allow the other players to do your eyebrows.
Eat a piece of dog food and try to convince the other players it's delicious.
Lick another player's palm.
Pretend like you are embarrassed for other people to see your thumbs.
Let another player draw something on your face.
Hula hoop for 2 minutes.
Communicate only by whistling for the next 5 minutes.
Give yourself a scalp massage using vegetable oil.
Make a sandwich, blindfolded.
Chew on a piece of tape for the remainder of the round.
Call your mom and tell her you got engaged.
Stand on one leg for 10 minutes.
Moonwalk down the street in front of your house.
Ask your neighbor if they've seen your missing tractor, imply that they stole it.
Peel a potato with your teeth.
Lick another player's toes.
Smell all the other players' breath and rate it 1-10.
Talk like Shakespeare for the next 3 rounds.
Eat a spoonful of cinnamon.
Get a stranger to smell your breath.
Eat a leaf.
Wear a necklace made out of floss, which another player has just used, for the next 5 rounds.
Smell all of the other players' feet.
Do a wall sit for 60 seconds.
Chew on a piece of tin foil for 30 seconds.
Prank call the last person that called you.
Put your finger in another player's nose.
Tie your hands to your ankles and stay like that for the next 4 rounds.
Eat a clove of garlic.
Take a shot of toilet water.
Put a pillow under your shirt and pretend to be going into labor.
Lick the floor.
Smell another player's armpit.
Hug a stranger and don't let go for five seconds.
Seduce a stuffed animal.
Let the other players wrap you up in toilet paper and stay like that for the rest of the game.
Let another player lick chocolate syrup off of your stomach.
Eat a raw onion.
Shave a strip of hair from your arm.
Cut another player's toenails.
Post a picture of your toilet on social media, with a "deep" quote as the caption.
Walk like a crab for 3 minutes.
Allow another player to slap you in the face.
Suck on your thumb for the next 3 rounds.
Try to kick yourself in the face.
Eat a piece of food without using your hands.
Get hyped up like a wrestler before a fight and rip off your shirt.
Place both your hands in another players pockets and keep them there for 15 minutes. You must each perform a dare before you are allowed to remove them.
Lick a dollar bill.
Imitate a monkey AND a donkey at the same time
Wear a beard made of shaving cream for the next 3 rounds.
Brush another player's teeth using your index finger.
Go outside and take a selfie with a stranger.
Send your significant other a text that says "I know what you did last summer".
Wink and lick your lips whenever someone new walks in this server.
Take a bite out of a crayon.
Send a text using only your tongue, don't proofread it before sending.
Reenact your favorite movie scene.
Pull out 5 strands of leg hair.
Do your best burlesque routine for 1 minute.
Try to make yourself cry.
Give yourself a brain freeze.
For the next five rounds, any time a player says "cheese", spank yourself.
Wear your pants on your arms for the rest of the game.
Spin around 15 times and then jump rope for 30 seconds.
Wear your socks on your hands for the next 5 rounds.
Call a random number and confess your love for the person on the end.
Sing and dance to YMCA without any music.
Tell the most offensive joke you know.
Call a random number and ask them how their day was, keep them on the line for as long as possible.
Take a whiff of ground pepper and try not to sneeze.
Take an embarrassing selfie and set it as your profile picture on one of your social media accounts for the rest of the night.
Sit on another player's lap until the next round.
Lick the cheek of the player to your left.
Take a shot of mustard.
Try to put your foot behind your head.
Glue 2 fingers together and leave them like that for the rest of the game.
Freestyle rap for a minute.
Have you ever had an embarrassing dream about one of the other players?
Let the other players paint your nails.
Put cotton balls in your ears for the next 3 rounds.
Do your best tango with the nearest mop or broom.
For the next 5 minutes, only respond to people by saying "you know that's right".
Sit in the nearest closet until it is your turn again.
Do a back bend.
Kiss another player on the cheek.
Talk with a Russian accent for the next 3 rounds.
Do the chicken dance until it is your turn again.
Let another player spank you with a fly swatter.
Paint your eyebrows using peanut butter.
Eat a spoonful of soy sauce.
Call a random person and sing a song, don't stop until they hang up.
Stand on one leg for the next 2 rounds.
Eat a raw egg.
Eat a spoonful of hot sauce.