What was the last thing you searched for on your phone?
If you had to choose between going naked or having your thoughts appear in thought bubbles above your head for everyone to read, which would you choose?
Have you ever walked in on your parents doing it?
After you've dropped a piece of food, what's the longest time you've left it on the ground and then ate it?
Have you ever tasted a booger?
Have you ever played Cards Against Humanity with your parents?
What's the first thing you would do if you woke up one day as the opposite sex?
Have you ever peed in the pool?
Who do you think is the worst dressed person in this server?
Have you ever farted in an elevator?
True or false? You have a crush on [fill in the blank].
Of the people in this server, who do you want to trade lives with?
What are some things you think about when sitting on the toilet?
Did you have an imaginary friend growing up?
Do you cover your eyes during a scary part in a movie?
Have you ever practiced kissing in a mirror?
Did your parents ever give you the &#x201C;birds and the bees&#x201D; talk?
What is your guilty pleasure?
What is your worst habit?
Has anyone ever walked in on you when going #2 in the bathroom?
Have you ever had a wardrobe malfunction?
Have you ever walked into a wall?
Do you pick your nose?
Do you sing in the shower?
Have you ever peed yourself?
What was your most embarrassing moment in public?
Have you ever farted loudly in class?
Do you ever talk to yourself in the mirror?
You're in a public restroom and just went #2, then you realized your stall has no toilet paper. What do you do?
What would be in your web history that you'd be embarrassed if someone saw?
Have you ever tried to take a sexy picture of yourself?
Do you sleep with a stuffed animal?
Do you drool in your sleep?
Do you talk in your sleep?
Who is your secret crush?
Do you think [fill in the name] is cute?
Who do you like the least in this server, and why?
What does your dream boy or girl look like?
What is your go-to song for the shower?
Who is the sexiest person in this server?
How would you rate your looks on a scale of 1 to 10?
Would you rather have sex with [insert name] in secret or not have sex with that person, but everyone thinks you did?
What don't you like about me?
What color underwear are you wearing right now?
What was the last thing you texted?
If you were rescuing people from a burning building and you had to leave one person behind from this server, who would it be?
Do you think you'll marry your current girlfriend/boyfriend?
How often do you wash your undergarments?
Have you ever tasted ear wax?
Have you ever farted and then blamed someone else?
Have you ever tasted your sweat?
What is the most illegal thing you have ever done?
Who is your favorite? Mom or Dad?
Would you trade your sibling in for a million dollars?
Would you trade in your dog for a million dollars?
What is your biggest pet peeve?
If you were allowed to marry more than one person, would you? Who would you choose to marry?
Would you rather lose your sex organs forever or gain 200 pounds?
Would you choose to save 100 people without anyone knowing about it or not save them but have everyone praise you for it?
If you could only hear one song for the rest of your life, what would it be?
If you lost one day of your life every time you said a swear word, would you try not to do it?
Who in this server would be the worst person to date? Why?
Would you rather live with no internet or no A/C or heating?
If someone offered you $1 million to break up with your girlfriend/boyfriend, would you do it?
If you were reborn, what decade would you want to be born in?
If you could go back in time in erase one thing you said or did, what would it be?
Has your boyfriend or girlfriend ever embarrassed you?
Have you ever thought about cheating on your partner?
If you could suddenly become invisible, what would you do?
Have you ever been caught checking someone out?
Have you ever waved at someone thinking they saw you when really they didn't? What did you do when you realized it?
What's the longest time you've stayed in the bathroom, and why did you stay for that long?
What's the most unflattering school picture of you?
Have you ever cried because you missed your parents so much?
Would you rather be caught picking your nose or picking a wedgie?
Describe the strangest dream you've ever had. Did you like it?
Have you ever posted something on social media that you regret?
What is your biggest fear?
Do you pee in the shower?
Have you ever ding dong ditched someone?
The world ends next week, and you can do anything you want (even if it's illegal). What would you do?
Would you wear your shirt inside out for a whole day if someone paid you $100?
What is the most childish thing that you still do?
How far would you go to land the guy or girl of your dreams?
Tell us about a time you embarrassed yourself in front of a crush.
Have you ever kept a library book?
Who is one person you pretend to like, but actually don't?
What children's movie could you watch over and over again?
Do you have bad foot odor?
Do you have any silly nicknames?
When was the last time you wet the bed?
How many pancakes have you eaten in a single sitting?
Have you ever accidentally hit something with your car?
If you had to make out with any Disney character, who would it be?
Have you ever watched a movie you knew you shouldn't?
Have you ever wanted to try LARP (Live Action Role-Play)?
What app on your phone do you waste the most time on?
Have you ever pretended to be sick to get out of something? If so, what was it?
What is the most food you've eaten in a single sitting?
Do you dance when you're by yourself?
Would you have voted for or against Trump?
What song on the radio do you sing with every time it comes on?
Do you sleep with a stuffed animal?
Do you own a pair of footie pajamas?
Are you scared of the dark?
What &#x2018;As seen on TV' product do you secretly want to buy?
Do you still take bubble baths?
If you were home by yourself all day, what would you do?
How many selfies do you take a day?
What is something you've done to try to be &#x2018;cooler'?
When was the last time you brushed your teeth?
Have you ever used self-tanner?
What do your favorite pajamas look like?
Do you have a security blanket?
Have you ever eaten something off the floor?
Have you ever butt-dialed someone?
Do you like hanging out with your parents?
Have you ever got caught doing something you shouldn't?
What part of your body do you love, and which part do you hate?
Have you ever had lice?
Have you ever pooped your pants?
What was the last R-rated movie you watched?
Do you lick your plate?
What is something that no one else knows about you?
Do you write in a diary?
What is the worst date you've ever been on?
Have you ever had a crush on a friend's boyfriend/girlfriend?
If you had to make out with a boy at school, who would it be?
Would you rather go for a month without washing your hair or go for a day without wearing a bra?
Have you ever asked someone out?
Have you ever had a crush on a person at least 10 years older than you?
Who is the worst kisser you've kissed?
What size is your bra?
Do you wear tighty whities or granny panties?
Do you ever admire yourself in the mirror?
Has a crush ever found out you liked them and turned you down?
Have you ever been stood up on a date?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done regarding your crush?
Have you ever wanted to be a cheerleader?
Who is the hottest? Hagrid, Dumbledore, or Dobby?
If you could marry any celebrity, who would it be?
What do you do to get yourself "sexy"?
Who is your current crush?
What hairstyle have you always wanted, but never been willing to try?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've said or done in front of someone you like?
What part of your body do you love, and which part do you hate?
Who is your celebrity crush?
If you could change one thing about your body, what would it be?
Who was your first kiss? Did you like it?
Who are you jealous of?
If you could be another girl at our school, who would you be?
Would you kiss a guy on the first date? Would you do more than that?
Who are the top five cutest guys in our class? Rank them.
How many kids do you want to have in the future?
Who do you hate the most?
If you could go out on a date with a celebrity, who would it be?
If you were stranded on a deserted island, who would you want to be stranded with from our school?
Have you ever flirted with your best friend's siblings?
Have you ever been dumped? What was the reason for it?
Jock, nerd, or bad guy?
Have you ever had a crush on friend's boyfriend?
Who is your first pick for prom?
What's the sexiest thing about a guy?
What's the sexiest thing about a girl?
What's one physical feature that you would change on yourself if you could?
Would you rather be a guy than a girl? Why?
Describe your dream career.
If you could eat anything you wanted without getting fat, what would that food be?
If you had to do a game show with someone in this server, who would you pick?
Would you go a year without your phone if it meant you could marry the person of your dreams?
You are going to be stuck on a desert island, and you can only bring five things. List them.
If you could only wear one hairstyle for the rest of your life, would you choose curly hair or straight hair?
You have to give up one makeup item for the rest of your life. What is it?
Would you date someone shorter than you?
If someone paid you $1000 to wear your bra outside your shirt, would you do it?
Who would you hate to see naked?
How long have you gone without a shower?
If you could only text one person for the rest of your life, but you could never talk to that person face to face, who would that be?
How long have you gone without brushing your teeth?
What's one thing you would never eat on a first date?
What have you seen that you wish you could unsee?
If you could be reincarnated into anyone's body, who would you want to become?
If you switched genders for the day, what would you do?
What's one food that you will never order at a restaurant?
What's the worst weather to be stuck outside in if all you could wear was a bathing suit?
If your car broke down in the middle of the road, who in this server would be the last person you would call? Why?
What's the most useless piece of knowledge you know?
What did you learn in school that you wish you could forget?
Is it better to use shampoo as soap or soap as shampoo?
If you ran out of toilet paper, would you consider wiping with the empty roll?
What would be the worst part about getting pantsed in front of your crush?
If you could only use one swear word for the rest of your life, which one would you choose?
What's the best thing to say to your friend that would be the worst thing to say to your crush?
Who do you think is the Beyonce of the group?
Would you rather eat dog food or cat food?
If you had nine lives, what would you do that you wouldn't do now?
If you could play a prank on anyone without getting caught, who would you play it on?
What would the prank be?
Have you ever pretended to like a gift? How did you pretend?
Would you rather not shower for a month, or eat the same meal every day for a month?
What animal most closely resembles your eating style?
If you could choose to never sweat for the rest of your life or never have to use the bathroom, which would you choose?
If you could spend every waking moment with your gf or bf, would you?
If your crush told you he liked your best friend, what would you do?
What if your best friend told you that she liked your crush?
If you knew your friend's boyfriend was cheating on her, what would you do?
Have you ever told a lie about your best friend to make yourself look better?
What was your first impression of [fill in the name of a person in the server]?
If you had to date someone else's boyfriend, who would it be?
Who's hotter? You or your friend?
Have you ever shared your friend's secret with someone else?
Rate everyone in the server from 1 to 10, with 10 being the hottest.
Would you share a toothbrush with your best friend?
Rate everyone in the server from 1 to 10, with 10 being the best personality.
Have you ever ignored a friend's text? Why did you do it?
Have you ever lied to your best friend?
Would you let a friend cheat on a test?
If your friend asked you to lie for her and you knew you would get in trouble, would you do it?
If one of your friends were cheating with your other friend's boyfriend, what would you do?
Would you ditch your friends if you could become the most popular girl in school?
If you had to choose, who would you stop being friends with?
Name one thing you would change about each person in this server.
If you had to trade your friend in for the celebrity crush of your dreams, which friend would you choose?
What was your first impression of your best friend's boyfriend?
What do you think about him now?
Have you ever thought about ditching your friend for a boy?
If someone asked you what your best friend is like, how would you describe her?
You win a trip and are allowed to bring two people. Who do you pick?
On an overnight trip, would you rather share a bed with your best friend or her boyfriend?
If you could swap one physical feature with your best friend, what would that be?
Have you ever told a secret you were told to keep?
If your best friend had B.O., would you tell her?
What is the most annoying thing about your best friend?
Who do you think your friend should date instead of her current boyfriend?
If she doesn't have a boyfriend, who do you think she should date?
Do you think your friend's boyfriend is hot?
Would you hook up with him if you knew she would never find out?
Have you ever ditched your friend for a boy?
If your friend and your boyfriend were both dying in front of you, who would try to save first?
Do you currently have a crush on anyone?
Describe what your crush looks like.
What is your crush's personality like?
Is there anything about your life you would change?
Who do you hate, and why?
What's your biggest pet peeve?
How many people have you kissed?
What's your biggest turn-on?
If you could date anyone in the world, who would you date?
Would you rather be skinny and hairy or fat and smooth?
Who would you ask to prom if you could choose anyone?
Describe your perfect date.
Would you ever date two people at once if you could get away with it?
You have to delete every app on your except for five. Name the five you would keep.
Have you ever sent out a nude Snapchat?
Have you ever received a nude selfie? Who was it from?
What was your reaction? Like or dislike?
Have you ever gotten mad at a friend for posting an unflattering picture of you?
Have you ever had a crush on a teacher?
Who do you think would make the best kisser? (List a few people for them to choose.)
Have you ever sent someone the wrong text?
Have you ever cursed at your parents? Why?
Who do you think is the cutest person in our class?
What is the most attractive feature on a person?
What the biggest deal-breaker for you?
How far would you go on a first date?
Have you ever regretted something you did to get a crush's attention?
Would you ever be mean to someone if it meant you could save your close friend from embarrassment?
Of the people at our school, who do you think would make the best president?
If we didn't have a dress code, what would you wear to school that you can't wear now?
Describe what makes someone husband or wife material.
If you could make $1 million, would you drop out of school?
What is your worst habit?
What's one thing you do that you don't want anyone to know about?
Do you frequently stalk anyone on social media? Who?
If you had to choose between dating someone ugly who was good in bed or dating someone hot who was bad in bed, which would you choose?
If you could be invisible, who would you spy on?
Who are the top 5 hottest girls at our school? In our class?
Who in this server would you make out with?
If you could date one of your bro's girlfriends, who would it be?
What your favorite body part?
When was the last time you flexed in the mirror?
Describe your perfect partner.
Have you ever been in love?
Blonde or brunette?
What turns you on the most?
If your parents hated your girlfriend, would you dump her?
If your girlfriend hated your best friend, what would you do?
Who is your biggest celebrity crush?
Would you take steroids?
Have you ever had a crush on a friend's girlfriend?
Who are you jealous of?
Who do you think is the hottest in our group?
What is your biggest turn-off?
Have you ever been rejected by someone?
If you had to choose between being poor and smart or being rich and dumb, what would you choose?
What have you lied to your partner about?
Have you ever cheated on your partner?
Would you go out with an older woman?
Do you have a crush on someone from another school?
Boxers or briefs?
When was the last time you cried?
Have you ever had a crush on a friend's girlfriend?
If you could make out with someone else's girl, who would it be?
If every time you checked out a girl's body, you would gain 5 pounds, how often would you do it?
Have you ever lied about your age?
Have you ever fallen in love at first sight?
If a girl you didn't like had a crush on you, how would you act around her?
What if she was your friend?
What would you do if you found out your girlfriend liked someone else?
If we formed a boy band, who here would make the best lead singer?
Who do you want to make out with the most?
If you had to flash just one person in this server, who would it be?
If you haven't had your first kiss yet, who in this server do you want to have your first kiss with?
Of the people in this server, who would you go out with?
Describe the most attractive thing about each person in this server.
Who here do you think is the best flirt?
Who has the best smile?
Who has the cutest nose?
How about prettiest eyes?
Who's the funniest in this server?
What's one thing you would never do in front of someone you had a crush on?
How often do you check yourself out in the mirror when you're on a date?
Who here do you think would be the best kisser?
Who has the best dance moves?
If you could have one physical feature of someone in this server, what would that be?
What is your wildest fantasy?
How far would you go with someone you just met and will never see again?
Rate me on a scale of 1 to 10, with 10 being the hottest.
If I was a food, what would I be, and how would you eat me?
Would you choose a wild, hot relationship or a calm and stable one?
If you had one week to live and you had to marry someone in this server, who would it be?
If you only had 24 hours to live and you could do anything with anyone in this server, who would it be and what would you do with that person?
What's your biggest turn-on?
And your biggest turn-off?
Would you go out with me if I was the last person on earth?
What's the most flirtatious thing you've ever done?
What's the sexiest thing about [fill in the name of a person in the server]?
If you could go on a romantic date with anyone in this server, who would you pick?
If you had to delete one app from your phone, which one would it be?
What is your greatest fear in a relationship?
Go around the server and say one positive and one negative thing about each person.
What is one disturbing fact I should know about you?
Have you ever smoked?
Have you ever tried drugs?
What about alcohol?
What's the craziest thing you've done while under the influence?
If you were trapped for three days on an island, who are three people in this server you would bring with you and why?
Would you go to a nude beach?
Who's the most annoying person in this server?
Are you still a virgin?
If you had to marry someone in this server, who would it be?
Do you have hidden piercings or tattoos?
How long was your longest relationship?
If you could have one celebrity follow you on Instagram, who would that be?
You have to delete five people on Instagram. Name them.
Do you want to get married one day?
Do you want to have kids? How many?
Would you ever get into a long-distance relationship?
Describe the person of your dreams.
What would you do if you found out you flunked school?
If you're girlfriend or boyfriend broke up with you at school, what would you do?
If you had the power to fire one teacher, who would it be?
Basketball, baseball, or football?
What was your first job?
If you don't have one yet, where would you want to work?
How many hours would you spend online if you didn't have school or homework?
How tall do you want to be?
What's your biggest fear about college?
What are you most excited about?
Would you want your best friend to go to the same college as you?
Would you want your current boyfriend or girlfriend to go to the same college as you?
Who do you think is the hottest celebrity?
What's your dream job?
What was a rumor that went around about you?
Have you ever failed a class?
If you had the power to fire one teacher, who would that be?
If you could plan a class prank knowing you'll never get caught, what would the prank be?
Have you ever cheated on a test?
Have you ever had a crush on a teacher? Who?
Who would you take to prom?
Have you ever made out at school?
Who would you never ever want to sit next to in class?
Have you ever been late to class?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've ever done in front of a teacher?
Have you ever stuck gum under a desk?
What do you think is better: tests or essays?
Have you ever eaten lunch by yourself? Why?
If you had to take one class for the rest of your life, what class would it be, and who would the teacher be?
If you wanted to make out on campus, where would you do it?
Have you ever gotten into a fight on school grounds?
What was the worst score you've ever gotten on a test?
Have you ever fallen asleep in class?
Have you ever gotten detention or been suspended?
If you were invisible, would you sneak a peek in the other locker server?
If so, who would you be hoping to see?
Who's the hottest teacher at our school?
What's the worst class to have first period?
If you had to take a person from another grade to prom, who would that be?
Have you ever flashed someone?
Have you ever sexted anyone?
Have you ever been to a nudist beach? Would you consider going?
Would you ever consider posing for Playboy?
Who has seen you without clothes on?
Have you ever seen a naughty magazine?
Have you ever sent a nude selfie? Who would you send it to?
Have you ever searched for something dirty on the internet?
Who do you most want to sleep with, out of everyone here?
What's your favorite body part on your partner?
How many people have you kissed?
Have you ever been attracted to the same sex?
When and where was your first kiss? Who was it with?
When did you lose your virginity, and to whom did you lose it?
What's your ultimate sexual fantasy?
Would you go out with an older guy? How old is too old?
Do you sleep in the nude?
How much money would we have to pay you for you to agree to flash your boobs?
Have you ever been in a "friends with benefits" situation?
If you had to go skinny dipping with someone, who in this server would you choose?
If I paid you $100, would you wear your sexiest clothes to class?
Did you ever drink before you were of the legal drinking age?
What is the craziest thing you have done while under the influence?
What was the last thing you searched for on your phone web browser?
If you had to choose between going naked or having your thoughts appear in thought bubbles above your head for everyone to read, which would you choose?
Have you ever walked in on your parents doing it?
After you've dropped a piece of food, what's the longest time you've left it on the ground and then ate it?
Have you ever tasted a booger?
what's the first thing you would do if you woke up one day as the opposite sex?
If someone heard you snoring, would they say it's obnoxiously loud?
Have you ever peed in a pool full of people?
Who do you think is the worst dressed person in this server?
Have you ever farted in an elevator?
True or false? You have a crush on an elderly person?
What is the largest amount of food you've eaten in one sitting?
Of the people in this server, who do you want to trade lives with for one day?
What are some things you think about when sitting on the toilet?
What is the most embarrassing situation you've ever been a part of?
Did you have an imaginary friend growing up?
Do you cover your eyes during a scary part in a movie?
Have you ever practiced kissing in a mirror?
What, if any, sport do you absolutely hate against popular opinion?
Did your parents ever give you the "birds and the bees" talk?
What is your guilty pleasure that you never tell anyone?
What is your worst or most embarrassing habit?
Has anyone ever walked in on you when taking a dump in the bathroom?
Have you ever had a major wardrobe malfunction while in public?
Have you ever accidentally walked into a wall or building?
Do you pick your nose when you're alone?
How much older of an individual would you enter a relationship with?
Do you pee in the shower?
Have you ever peed yourself at school before?
What was your most embarrassing moment in public?
Have you ever farted loudly in class or another social setting?
Do you ever talk to yourself in the mirror?
What is your guilty pleasure?
you're in a public restroom and just pooped, then you realized your stall has no toilet paper. What do you do?
What would be in your web history that you'd be embarrassed if someone saw?
Have you ever tried to take a sexy or naked picture of yourself?
Do you sleep with a stuffed animal or something else for comfort?
Do you drool in your sleep?
Do you talk in your sleep?
Who are you secretly attracted to?
Do you think kittens are cute?
Who do you like the least in this server and why?
What does your dream boy or girl look like?
What is your go-to song for the shower?
Who is the sexiest person in this server?
How would you rate your looks on a scale of 1 to 10?
Would you rather have sex with [insert name] in secret or not have sex with that person but everyone thinks you did?
What things do you not like about me?
What color and kind of underwear are you wearing right now?
What song do you enjoy in privacy?
What was the last thing you texted someone of the opposite sex?
If you were rescuing people from a burning building and you had to leave one person behind from this server, who would it be?
Have you ever accidentally revealed a friends secret?
Do you think that you and your current girlfriend or boyfriend will ever be married?
How often do you wash your undergarments?
Have you ever tasted ear wax?
Have you ever farted and then blamed someone else?
Have you ever tasted your sweat?
What is the most illegal thing you've ever done?
Who is your favorite person in you immediate family?
Would you trade your sibling in for a million dollars if there were no other consequences?
Would you trade in your dog for a million dollars?
What is your biggest pet peeve that other people do?
If you were to join the military what job do you think you'd enjoy the most ?
If you were allowed to marry more than one person, would you? Who would you choose to marry?
Would you rather lose your sex organs forever or gain 200 pounds only in your stomach?
Would you choose to save 100 people without anyone knowing about it or not save them but have everyone praise you for it?
If you could only hear one song for the rest of your life, what would it be?
If you lost one day of your life every time you said a swear word, would you try not to do it?
Who in this server would be the worst person to date? Why?
Would you rather live with no internet or no A/C or heating?
What was your favorite childhood video game?
If someone offered you $1 million dollars to break up with your girlfriend/boyfriend, would you do it?
If you were reborn, what decade would you want to be born in?
If you could go back in time in erase one thing you said or did, what would it be?
Has your boyfriend or girlfriend ever embarrassed you?
Have you ever thought about cheating on your partner?
If you could suddenly become invisible, what would you do?
Have you ever been caught checking someone out?
What is your favorite alcoholic beverage?
Have you ever waved at someone thinking they saw you when really they didn't? What did you do when you realized it?
what's the longest time you've stayed in the bathroom, and why did you stay for that long?
what's the most unflattering school picture of you?
Have you ever cried because you missed your parents so much?
Do you prefer a bath or a shower? Why?
Would you rather be caught picking your nose or picking a wedgie?
Describe the strangest dream you've ever had. Did you like it?
Have you ever posted something on social media that you regret?
What is your biggest and most irrational fear?
What is the scariest movie you have ever seen?
Do you sing in the shower?
Have you ever ding dong ditched someone?
What is something you have done that has made you really proud?
The world ends next week and you can do anything you want (even if it's illegal). What would you do?
Would you wear your shirt inside out for a whole day if someone paid you $100?
What salad dressing could you drink out of the bottle?
What is the most childish thing that you still do?
How far would you go to land the guy or girl of your dreams?
If you had to choose would you rather have a broken arm or a broken leg and why?
Tell us about a time you embarrassed yourself in front of a crush.
Have you ever kept a library book?
Who is one person you pretend to like, but actually don't?
What children's movie could you watch over and over again?
Do you have bad foot odor?
Do you have any silly nicknames?
When was the last time you wet the bed?
How many pancakes have you eaten in a single sitting?
Have you ever accidentally hit something with your car?
If you had to make out with any Disney character, who would it be?
Have you ever watched a movie you knew you shouldn't?
Have you ever wanted to try LARP (Live Action Role-Play)?
What app on your phone do you waste the most time on?
Have you ever pretended to be sick to get out of something? If so, what was it?
What is the most food you've eaten in a single sitting?
What is the single most painful experience of your life?
Do you dance when you're by yourself?
Would you have voted for or against Trump?
What song on the radio do you sing with every time it comes on?
Do you sleep with a stuffed animal?
Do you own a pair of footie pajamas?
What is the meanest thing you've ever said to someone?
Are you scared of the dark?
What "As seen on TV" product do you secretly want to buy?
Do you still take bubble baths?
If you were home by yourself all day, what would you do?
How many selfies do you take a day?
Would you date your high school crush today?
What is something you've done to try to be "cooler"?
When was the last time you brushed your teeth?
How often do you wear the same outfit in a week?
Have you ever used self tanner?
What is your favorite breed of dog?
What do your favorite pajamas look like?
Do you have a security blanket?
Do you still have something you have cherished from childhood?
Have you ever eaten something off the floor?
Have you ever butt-dialed someone?
Do you like hanging out with your parents?
Do you prefer staying up late or going to bed early?
Have you ever got caught doing something you shouldn't?
What part of your body do you love and which part do you hate?
Have you ever had lice?
Have you ever pooped your pants?
What was the last rate-R movie you watched?
What is your favorite type of ice cream?
Do you lick your plate?
What is something that no one else knows about you?
Have you ever stolen anything?
Tell me about the last time you got really embarrassed.
What's the longest you've worn the same outfit for?
Have you ever had a crush on one of your teachers?
Where are you ticklish?
What do you think is your best feature?
Have you ever cheated on a test?
Who was your first celebrity crush?
Do you believe in any superstitions?
Have you showered today?
Where's the farthest you've traveled?
What's the weirdest food combo that you eat?
What's the meanest thing you have ever said to someone?
What was the last movie that made you cry?
If you had to be stuck on a desert island with any celebrity, who would it be?
Have you ever gotten arrested or almost gotten arrested?
What would your stripper name be?
Have you ever blamed a fart on somebody else?
When is the last time you peed in your pants?
Would you volunteer as tribute for anyone in the Hunger Games?
Who is your least favorite person in this server?
If you were famous, what would it be for?
What is your biggest insecurity?
Have you ever eaten your own boogers?
What is the meanest practical joke you have ever pulled on someone?
Who was the last person you betrayed?
What is the last thing you searched for on your phone?
What's the stupidest thing you were scared of as a kid?
Do you sing in the shower?
Do you cheat at board games?
What is your least favorite feature?
Have you ever sung karaoke?
Who is your least favorite family member?
Have you ever lied on your resume?
Do you ever intentionally smell your own farts?
Have you ever pretended to not get a text to get out of doing something?
What is the worst thing you have ever smelled?
Have you ever pretend to cry to get out of a speeding ticket?
What is the craziest dream you can remember having?
What is an instant deal breaker in a new relationship?
Have you ever performed in front of a crowd?
What is your biggest regret in life?
Do you have any hidden talents?
Have you ever been in a fight?
Do you walk around naked when you are home alone?
What is the worst date you've ever been on?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
Where is the craziest place you have ever had sex?
What is the dumbest thing you have done while drunk?
What's the most inappropriate time you have ever laughed?
Have you ever won an award you didn't deserve?
Have you ever shoplifted?
Have you ever had sex in your parents' bed?
What is the worst place you have ever thrown up?
What is your worst habit?
What would your dream job be?
Are there any movies that are widely accepted as bad, but you love? If so which ones?
Would you ever date someone much older than you?
Have you ever cheated on someone?
Have you ever eaten food that's been on the floor longer than 5 seconds?
Tell the other players your best pickup line.
What is your favorite possession?
What is the dumbest thing you have ever lied about?
When was the last time you watched an "adult movie"?
What is the worst thing you have ever tasted?
What is the worst type of music?
Which celebrity do you hate the most?
Have you ever intentionally sabotaged a coworker?
What do you think happens when you die?
What is your biggest guilty pleasure song/ artist?
Which is worse, physical pain or emotional pain?
Who is the biggest flirt in this server?
Would you ever get plastic surgery?
What is your least favorite sport to play?
Who was the last person you said "I love you" to?
Where do you want to travel to the most?
Have you ever paid for sex?
Do you still know your first crush?
What word do you hate the most?
What is the worst rumor you've ever started or participated in?
If you could switch bodies with anyone in the world, who would it be?
Would you ever consider being a nudist?
Do you believe in soul mates?
What is the most expensive gift you have ever bought someone?
Have you ever been fired from a job?
Would you rather become an astronaut or movie star?
Who is your hero?
Who did you have your best kiss with?
Has a Pixar movie ever made you cry?
Would you marry someone you didn't love if they were really rich?
Without saying who, do you want to kiss any of the other players?
Are you more likely to be 10 minutes late or 10 minutes early?
Have you ever been on TV?
Do you think you could go a month without using the internet?
What's something you wish you were better at?
Have you ever had a near-death experience?
Do you think cheating is ever justified?
Have you ever compromised your morals for money?
Do you pee in the shower?
When was the last time you turned your phone completely off?
Has a book ever made you cry?
What do you think would be the worst way to die?
What is the worst movie you have ever seen?
Have you ever started a fire while cooking?
Have you ever seriously injured another person?
What is the worst pain you've ever experienced?
How many people have you slept with?
What is the most charitable or heroic thing you have done?
How do you think other people perceive you?
Which player made the worst first impression on you?
What is the craziest thing you would do sexually?
What is the nastiest smell that you love?
Have you ever compromised your beliefs for a significant other?
Do you believe in fate?
Would you rather be forgotten when you die, or live forever in infamy?
What animal best represents you?
What is the most scared you have ever been?
If you could tattoo clothes on you and be naked forever, would you?
What is the dumbest trend you have ever gone along with?
Did you have an imaginary friend as a child?
Do you believe in astrology?
Have you ever thrown up on a roller coaster?
What is the longest distance you have ever run?
What do you think is the most important lesson to teach your kids?
Have you ever done the deed at work?
What is the best advice you have ever received?
What is the worst hair style you've had?
Do you believe in karma?
Have you ever had a paranormal experience?
Have you ever had sex in a public place?
Which player do you trust the least?
Have you ever said "I love you" and not meant it?
If you could slap another player, who would it be?
What is the worst advice you have ever received?
What misconception do people have about you?
Do you believe there is alien life?
Have you ever gotten blackout drunk?
What was your weirdest habit as a kid?
Who would you help hide a body for?
Have you ever given bad advice on purpose?
Do you tell a friend if they have something in their teeth?
If you could only eat one food for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Have you ever had lice?
Do you like being alone or surrounded by friends?
Would you rather have 4 kids or no kids?
Are you a sore loser?
Do you look at your poop before you flush the toilet?
What is more important to you, revenge or forgiveness?
Have you ever gone skinny dipping?
Which player do you trust the most?
Do you believe in ghosts?
What are you most proud of in life?
What is your least favorite memory from high school?
What song can you not help but dance to?
Have you ever smoked marijuana?
What is the pettiest thing you have ever done?
When was the last time you stalked an ex on social media?
What is your biggest pet peeve?
What is a useless skill that you would like to learn?
What is one job that you could never do?
If you could be a fly on the wall, where would you fly?
What is the worst injury you've ever had?
If you could only eat one candy for the rest of your life, what would it be?
When was the last time you picked your nose?
Are you scared of getting old?
Who has the best butt in this server?
What is something you feel guilty about?
What is the sexiest thing someone can do?
Do you have a crush on any of your coworkers?
Do you still love any of your exes?
Have you ever ghosted somebody?
Have you ever had a one night stand?
What is the scariest thing you've ever done?
Would you eat human meat grown in a lab?
What was your nickname as a child?
What is the worst present anyone has given you?